Add deployment scripts docs (#1165)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: docs/src/starknet/script.md

> # Cairo Deployment Scripts

Reviewer: Let's add something about using `path_to_scarb_toml` when running `sncast script` from arbitrary directory

Author: We mention this in several places in the docs, but never in sections dedicated to specific subcommands. Do you think we should change that? I guess this is rather top-level stuff

Reviewer: okay, it can stay as is then

This example shows how to call an already deployed contract. Please find full example with contract deployment [here](#full-example-with-contract-deployment).

```cairo
use sncast_std::{invoke, call, InvokeResult, CallResult};

fn main() {
    let eth = 0x049d36570d4e46f48e99674bd3fcc84644ddd6b96f7c741b1562b82f9e004dc7;
    let addr = 0x0089496091c660345BaA480dF76c1A900e57cf34759A899eFd1EADb362b20DB5;
    let call_result = call(eth.try_into().unwrap(), 'allowance', array![addr, addr]);
    let call_result = *call_result.data[0];
    assert(call_result == 0, call_result);

    let call_result = call(eth.try_into().unwrap(), 'decimals', array![]);
    let call_result = *call_result.data[0];
    assert(call_result == 18, call_result);
}
```

The script should be included in a scarb package. The directory structure and config for this example looks like this:

```shell
$ tree
.
├── src
│   ├── my_script.cairo
│   └── lib.cairo
└── Scarb.toml
```

```toml
[package]
name = "my_script"
version = "0.1.0"

[dependencies]
starknet = ">=2.3.0"
sncast_std = { git = "https://github.com/foundry-rs/starknet-foundry.git", tag = "v0.11.0" }
```

To run the script, do:

```shell
$ sncast \

>   --rpc-url http://127.0.0.1:5050 \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --url http://127.0.0.1:5050 \
```
https://foundry-rs.github.io/starknet-foundry/appendix/cast/common.html#--url--u-rpc_url

Author: great catch! chnged in newest commit

    );
    
    'Deployed the contract to address'.print();
    deploy_result.contract_address.print();

    let invoke_result = invoke(
        deploy_result.contract_address, 'put', array![0x1, 0x2], Option::Some(max_fee)
    );
    
    'Invoke tx hash is'.print();
    invoke_result.transaction_hash.print();

    let call_result = call(deploy_result.contract_address, 'get', array![0x1]);
    assert(call_result.data == array![0x2], *call_result.data.at(0));
}
```

The script should be included in a scarb package. The directory structure and config for this example looks like this:

```shell
$ tree
.
├── contracts
│    ├── Scarb.toml
│    └── src
│        └── lib.cairo
└── scripts
    ├── Scarb.toml
    └── src
        ├── lib.cairo
        └── map_script.cairo
```

```toml
[package]
name = "map_script"
version = "0.1.0"

[dependencies]
starknet = ">=2.3.0"
sncast_std = { git = "https://github.com/foundry-rs/starknet-foundry.git", tag = "v0.11.0" }
map = { path = "../contracts" }

[lib]
sierra = true
casm = true

[[target.starknet-contract]]
sierra = true
casm = true
build-external-contracts = [
    "map::Map"
]
```

> Please note that `map` contract was specified as the dependency. In our example, it resides in the filesystem. It has to
> be compiled in `build-external-contracts`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that `map` contract was specified as the dependency. In our example, it resides in the filesystem. To generate the artifacts for it that will be accessible from the script you need to use the `build-external-contracts` property.
```

To run the script, do:

```shell
$ sncast \

>   --rpc-url http://127.0.0.1:5050 \

Author: done :+1:
